hi this is jason rattan sales
representative with Remax wasaga beach
today I'd like to introduce you to 92
silver birch avenue here in wasaga beach
please review the following information
and contact me with any questions or to
book your own private showing for this
great property the home is located in an
area of well maintained homes and has
received many upgrades in recent years
the main floor family room features a
gas fireplace lots of natural light and
new hardwood floors which also continued
throughout the dining room hallways and
upper bedrooms the kitchen has just been
completely renovated and features
quality oak cupboards finished in a dark
rich stain spring closing drawers marble
backsplash dark brown granite sink dura
ceramic floors pot lights over the sink
and all new high-end stainless steel
appliances off the kitchen and dining
nook is an 8 by 12 foot sunroom with
views over the private fenced in
backyard and gardens the main floor
master bedroom has his and her closets
for storage window view into the
backyard new light fixture and a 4-piece
private ensuite main floor also includes
a second bedroom main floor laundry
inside entry to double car garage and a
4-piece main bath complete with glass
door shower the lower level has a second
gas fireplace family room office utility
room storage room three-piece bathroom
and two additional bedrooms both with
closets and windows into the front yard
for more information on this great home
please contact me Jason ratan at 70 549